hello there everybody under there - and
this is another tutorial for Minecraft
Pocket Edition where I'm gonna show you
pocket tool free by snowbound which is
texture pack changer actually so instead
of the way we have to sign canes and
Diwali stuff you just have to don't want
pocket tool free which is this and you
need to have minecraft PE you need to
have an internet connection and the
browser and Google Play Store Google
Play shop that's this facial okay first
what you do is go to google play shop
and you need to download this pocket
tool free by SN 0 that will be 0 UND
which is snowbound actually there's 500
plus downloads the latest update is on
my pro first it just bit confusing and
it has a cool version which lets you
i'll see the heads of the skin you want
to see so let's start first if you want
a creamy texture pack and which is fully
optimized for the Pocket Edition you go
to this website right here minecraft
forums dotnet slash stuff stuff stuff
and other stuff and my internet
connection is slow because I'm pretty
far distance from away from the rotor
and I don't know what to do now
close those before I start it but
started loading yeah okay let's see
pocket tool you have changed texture
skin and cell down
so downloaded content open level editor
and patch mod which doesn't need to work
open level editor this is thing that was
snowbound forward in the future where
he's gonna change the I mean the app is
going to change the hex slot and stuff
but it's still not here what you need to
know what you need to do first is
install downloaded content and here you
can see skins and textures download your
skin sorry and textures you're gonna
download the one you want and the skins
you need to have a PNG file and the
textures you have that that's the file
and let's download pocket BD craft which
is
reported by the facts
yeah and I'm gonna download crack pocket
which is ported by Moses Mars most mazes
maze sorry and that's so I think maybe
wanna try it and that's the fact
so after you download it open you change
texture skin you're gonna see what you
have downloaded and just click on the
pack you want
like I want Doku but the last one that's
right then and click on use and if you
want you can go to settings and disable
uninstall minecraft PE if your phone is
rooted and you can't go to skins and
stores can you want use my stuff
and just click on apply changes right
here it goes manual and try changes
please wait
it's I need the apk for you
now and that will place application the
application you're installing will
replace in the real application our
previous user that will be saved
okay I guess I want to install it then
it's gonna stall
I'm stuck so let's see minecraft and I
sort about the thingy that you see right
now I was using specs texture pack
previously and this is what you want
what you're gonna see now but I like it
fine still dokgo craft use and then I
want I won't show that it changes the
texture because I previously had spiked
spirit specs is a pocket billy craft and
these textures mix together and replace
application yes so you can see that you
have you now have Doh craft a second
three two one
okay and there you go you have minecraft
thing start game
you can see that it's working and ya
know that's all you know thanks for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
like the video favorite the video and do
I want and support not me
we you have to support it's no bomb for
making deep pocket tool and mesas 0:06
I'm gonna say his name
you got a support Simon for putting
these textures mister packs so thanks
for watching yeah yeah Claire come to
like